hello guys the courage to get in here
and today i'm bringing you another
episode of the easter egg the serial
killer is easter egg now my friend found
another dead body and it is in this
location i'm just going to show to you
on the map it is here this is the main
loop district is just to the left of the
map once you go down here you'll find
this train tracks and a tunnel we have
to do is go into the tunnel and you'll
hear the creepy music already and boom
another dead body quigley Kate deceased
I can't read it out hemophilia carrier
occupation unemployed and some weird
marking on the on the floor and there is
an arrow pointing out her head which I
don't know what that means and obviously
there is a photo here and I'm just going
to play the audio from the phone
okay so that was the message pretty
creepy right so yeah I'm just going to
leave it there and i'll be bringing you
guys more of these serial killer riddles
or puzzles however you want to call it
and yeah this was this is the end of the
episode I hope you guys liked it like
and subscribe so the next time